hello everyone is slim 314 so we
is found today for a tp of
redstone
so that's a trap then already
sorry the tp is not centered at all
on the area but it's just that I had
neither of the size he would do
and from which side would he evolve from
it ended like that and I did not get
want to do it again
so we'll have to do with that I'm
sorry if not so down right now we
will go to the explanations you go
to see it is rather simple in the genre
then you may have known what
so it's the walls that are going to
shrink to crush you and
I already hear you say it's
archi boat is simple affair already seen
all that then and I brought three
modifications
and solve all the problems he
could there be but in most
videos we do not raise these problems
precisely to avoid having to
explain how solves them so bah
here I go right away
explain so the system is separated into
differing subsystems so everything
first the pistons that will be used to
move the walls I fed them
that way so I ride everything from
following how the elements I use the
same system for doors
automatic
basically I take three pistons I pose
a block there no matter
a torch there and a block there and so the
blow it feeds the three so
I use the same system
so of course that can be compacted
but there it was not at all
the goal there I just thought that this
either it's pretty behind I find is
easy to understand so you doubt
well how does it work
the three rows of pistons are
powered and so you can do it
as wide as you want at least
thought to put a repeater if they ever
become a bit too far so
right now I explained you a
little detail that has tired that I
the fed with pressure plates
after you can feed it with this
that you want it can be plates
wooden buttons even if I do not think so
the person in question press
the buttons but no matter it will work
as a wire or anything there
has no piston behind this block there is
behind this block so it suddenly
will not destroy and the trap will remain
reusable directly after so
it's not a worry a bath I'm going all
right away explain you the second under
system so it's very simple it's the
signal recovery from the plates of
pressure so there's the two plates of
pressure just above these two
blocks there and so we get the signal
here that happens directly in a
memory cell to feedback so if
you are not familiar with
memory cells with feedback made
it's just setting up signals
and so I did a whole tutorial on it
and I do not really want to explain again
because it can be a bit of a hassle
especially if you do not know the
principle of the memory cell
so suddenly I encourage you to go
see the video that I add to you in link
on the top of your screen for
understand how it works
in any case what it does is that it
so send here and there it's both
wires that will feed the pistons a
signal much longer than a
pulse of pressure plates then
why is it because he simply
takes a while to die in
a wall so suddenly it takes a signal
longer to feed the pistons and
the advantages of this system is that
you can adjust how many lives
wanted him to stay at the person in
question
so suddenly could couple with a
another trap a trap with furniture
for example so that the person has little
of life and still has to fight
monsters so
all this can be quite interesting so
in any case you can change everything
just life he'll stay at the
person simply trapped in
changing the repeater duration so
more is short more it will say here
so next to you to place the
inverters the right way so that the
signal is identical on both sides and
the good especially so there suddenly in
my system must be turned on
so that the trap is inactive so the
blow I make sure that it is lit
on both sides here putting nothing here
by putting an inverter and it's going
feed the system directly there
with vertical transmission
ok pretty famous so with a torch a
block a torch a block a torch a
block and so suddenly it feeds the
system and the trap then works
immediately a little demonstration -
there it is settled on it remains to me I believe
of heart and so the effect of this
length has it simply because
he may even run with the
double click it can still not
escaped the trap however 8 who can
did happen there did not even
where and I got trapped he can not
he could have jumped over but there
I did not succeed
after you to add plates of
pressure if you want it to stay
not trap or who are going on
automatically take part of which or
anything finally to you from the
custom there it's just the principle enough
simple and really in detail every
problems that could have him and who
have been settled there I'm going to show you
in version 100 go of fashion I do not like
see a full inventory because after
it's going to fuck shit everywhere
so suddenly that's it I go through the
trap I get trapped and there
normally it will stay my heart
if the calculations but but but but three
good quarters you see everything is adjustable
so it's up to you to do what you want
of course if they are several he is
to take to several that's the interest
so that's it I think we did the
tower
so of course to prevent me from being
reproach in comments or whatever
either the system can of course be
compact and it's really not compact there
you can customize it for example
for the walls here to close in
first ones of the last medium is
really slowly so that the person
feel completely trapped and do not
can do anything and yet by train
to watch his death slowly come back
so that's up to you custom I'm going
not there I 'll just explain the
principle is he detailing how that
market
so here I think I answered
all the possible questions we
could land on system so bah
I hope you enjoyed it
go use it and the custom and if you
have some castes or bet shown the
the less it interests me my costume ise
it does just that effect two to
the outside it closes first
then inside last and so
I hope you put it on your
servers on your maps about what you
want and so of course here here it's
leave mountain walls or whatever
you want a house
wall and so I hope I hope that
you liked it and we will meet again
next time for the next tp hi
to all